But! What great boots! But these are very narrow! Worth the money and break in time. They were comfortable the moment I put them on. You have to fight to get them on first few times and they wear stiff until fully broken in.
This shoe is very classy and chic. I would buy again. If you pick right size, they are very comfortable and cute. These are VERY nice shoes and so pretty, but there is a rim inside the top of the shoes by my toes that rub them and could cause a blister or sore, so even though they are great to look at they are not that comfortable.
I really love this necklace. I think it is a good necklace, just not what I expected. Overall, I love my new heart necklace. Why not? It look great.Spect great reward from your woman when you give this to her; D I will recommend it to someone to order it now... I get so many compliments on this necklace.
The suit seemed ok in quality however it was the wrong size. Avoid! It is very tight to get past my thighs, then it wasn't so bad. Training for my 3rd marathon and wanted to add swimming as part of my workout. I haven't swam in it much yet but fit is good. After two more weeks the suit basically fell apart.
The shoes run big. Great all around casual working shoe. I wanted a cute but totally functional shoe and this is it. Both pairs went back -- bummer! Reviews said to buy a size smaller. Incredibly lightweight! I ordered these shoes in a half size smaller than my regular size due to reviews that I read, but they were still too small.
I really love these sandals. They are very cushiony and comfortable! Finally, a Dansko sandal that's fashion forward! I love the the heel height and instant comfort. They have ALL the support that Dansko offers in its shoes plus they are very attractive.
Shorts have a good look and feel. This was an excellent purchase - very sharp looking and seemingly well made (so far anyway) for a great price. The waist fits fine but the liner inside is not sized accordingly. What garners only a 4 star is the mesh inner lining is a bit too tight and i had to cut it
The shoe seems durable and well-made. She loves the shoes! The shoes are the perfect fit for me. They are lightweight and she says they cushion her feet well. So it ran large for me. She gave me her size and I purchased them. I asked her to find a pair of athletic shoes that look attractive. They run true to size and the colors are great. I have wide feet though too.
I did not burn too often. They need change the picture and description to silver instead of gold. Produces about 25% coasters, and another 10-15% that won't play on DVD players. If that is the only size boxes have should put more packing so it will not allow spindle to move at all.
I can't see recommending this product in today's market. Does a great job converting my slide and photo negatives to digital format. Product is very easy to use. I found the VuPoint scanner not acceptable and I am still waiting for a replacement.
Can't get it to work as advertised. The engineering leaves much to be desired. My search continues. I selected this unit (ordering three units) and regret my decision. Don't bother trying to have a conversation, clarity is too poor. Took a long time to get and when I finally got them, they didn't seem to work to well joined up (I have 3). The Manual is one of the least helpful such documents I've ever seen.
The one pictured is not the on received. Buy this with caution and monitor the temperature of the power supply. Poor product, bad customer service, I do not recommend. This charger ruined my laptop. I recently purchased this power supply and cord to replace the OEM that stopped working.
for laptop Or MP3 player. A sweet deal! I did not go wrong when I purchased this stereo receiver. The noisy constant fan! This Amp is very inexpensive and its performance proves its quality.
I can't speak highly enough about this handy little item! I'd recommend this handle highly. It looks good and is built solid. I am going to use it with a camera with an active stabilizer. It's a bit heavy but the construct is very good.
Camera itself is fine. IT HAS MET MOST OF THE REQUIERMENTS. Love this camera for quality picture taking and size. Very easy to use and takes professional photos. After looking in the Consumer Reports for a new camera I came along this one. ITS PICTURE QUALITY IS BETTER THAN THE CANNON 110 HS THAT IT IS REPLACING. Sturdy and slips easily into pocket. Almost as close as my DSLR.
Great product The sound of the radio is of real quality. This is perfect for our family. The remote works with your phone, and that's precisely what I wanted My husband really like this speaker... LOVE IT! That's a big disappointment and shortcoming of the product.
A real find! It does not irritate my skin and it does the job. This does indeed work and if you are not a heavy perspirer it will be effective for several days. I can't believe it works so well and lasts so long.
The sound fills the room well. I'd recommend it. The unit is small and does the job well. This model is compact, and sounds pretty much like the original. This machine is small enough to travel well. There is no repeating 'loop' of sound to drive you crazy.
Ease of use. This is what I was looking for. Very dissatisfied! I really like that you can plug in your target heart rate, and it has an audible alert to let you know when you're there. Straight forward, heart rate, time of exercise and that's it. If you're looking for just a heart rate monitor (it is waterproof and good for swimming) then this is for you.
This is a wonderful wrinkle release product. Just spray it on your fabric, any fabric smooth the product in with hands smoothing out wrinkles and let dry. I really do not like to iron. That said, this baby has saved me hours of ironing, and I'm super happy with this purchase. A few sprays and the wrinkles disappear from your teeshirts and dress shirts.
Fantastic product! So good idea, but has its limits. These little guys are amazing,, the magnetic is very strong,, your glasses will not fall out when bending over.. yeah maybe a crystal does fall out so what,, just glue it back in and it stays,, you'll always know where your glasses are,, love mine The magnet is super strong and you can place it anywhere on your clothing.
FINALLY, normal soft feet! I highly recommend them. They are so effective I use them in several pairs of shoes. This is a fantastic product that I would recommend to anyone who wants their feet to feel cooler, more comfortable, less sweaty and ultimately less smelly!
It works great. They make a version of this with a flint, do not buy that one, buy this one. Thank God I found this. It did not fit properly. I must say I have been pleasantly surprised and my wallet thanks me. I didn't know what to expect when I ordered this, but I am pleasantly pleased.
Again, great product! I have noticed that I have better results from the Calms magnesium than taking double the dose of this product. However, this product is not what I expected. Feels great to get some sleep! A much better deal than magnesium citrate in liquid solution form, especially the 1Kg bag.
I love this steamer. I've been very pleased with the steamer and have used it several times already. Amazon came through again. The first served us well for years before the plexiglass bowl cracked and finally broke. This is our second B / D steamer. I USED THE FIRST ONE ALMOST DAILY FOR OVER 5 YEARS.
Amazon WRONG. After having found the filters here, I buy them and they work extremely well. This is the wrong filter if you are buying the CHV1510 Hand Vacuum. This is very disappointing as I purchased the vacuum on Amazon.
Its a great poster! But its perfect for what I needed it for. Pretty happy with the poster for something to teach my son when he grows up about just how small our world actually is compared to the other planets that are out there.Overall good quality and looks pretty good up on the wall.Big enough to catch someones eye and clear enough to tell which planet is which.
This table was super easy to put together. It was easy to put together and looks great. Moved to smaller living quarters and this just fits the bill. I love my new dining room set. Color is perfect and it was easy to assemble.
It's lovely. Besides that one flaw I like it. The color is great. After a few day it has gotten better. One thing, I rated 4 stars because I find it difficult to open the lid... it's really tough. Just what I wanted for my kitchen Devore.
I love this tortilla maker. It requires some trial and errors to make it work right. The machine is very tricky. Fun and easy to use! I noticed that several reviews indicated that users were using this machine to both press and cook their tortillas. You have to get the recipe and technique right for tortillas but once you do it is easy.
Bummer. This fan is a horrible purchase. But the air flows from the side of the vent not from the full vent. It's not that powerful unless you are all of a few inches from it. What bothers me about it is that the fan blows out to the side of the vents rather than in the middle so I have to really play with it to aim it properly.
As previously reviewed, this steamer is not overly sized. I'm glad I tried this steamer. Perfect for single servings / possibly two. Not sure I really like this. It steams my broccoli or green beans in 2.5-3 mins and they are perfect. I use it all the time for my veggies.
